# Privacy Policy

Last Updated: January 7, 2025

This Privacy Notice for Train360, Corp. ("**we**," "**us**," or "**our**"), describes how and why we might access,
collect, store, use, and/or share ("**process**") your personal information when you use our services ("**Services**"),
including when you:

* Visit our website at [https://train360.co](https://train360.co), or any website of ours that links to this Privacy
  Notice

* Download and use our mobile application (Train360), or any other application of ours that links to this Privacy Notice

* Engage with us in other related ways, including any sales, marketing, or events

**Questions or concerns?** Reading this Privacy Notice will help you understand your privacy rights and choices. We are
responsible for making decisions about how your personal information is processed. If you do not agree with our policies
and practices, please do not use our Services. If you still have any questions or concerns, please contact us at
support@train360.co.

## SUMMARY OF KEY POINTS

**What personal information do we process?** When you visit, use, or navigate our Services, we may process personal
information depending on how you interact with us and the Services, the choices you make, and the products and features
you use.

**Do we process any sensitive personal information?** Some of the information may be considered "special" or "sensitive"
in certain jurisdictions, for example your racial or ethnic origins, sexual orientation, and religious beliefs. We may
process sensitive personal information when necessary with your consent or as otherwise permitted by applicable law.

**Do we collect any information from third parties?** We may collect information from public databases, marketing
partners, social media platforms, and other outside sources.

**How do we process your information?** We process your information to provide, improve, and administer our Services,
communicate with you, for security and fraud prevention, and to comply with law. We may also process your information
for other purposes with your consent. We process your information only when we have a valid legal reason to do so.

**In what situations and with which types of parties do we share personal information?** We may share information in
specific situations and with specific categories of third parties.

**How do we keep your information safe?** We have adequate organizational and technical processes and procedures in
place to protect your personal information. However, no electronic transmission over the internet or information storage
technology can be guaranteed to be 100% secure, so we cannot promise or guarantee that hackers, cybercriminals, or other
unauthorized third parties will not be able to defeat our security and improperly collect, access, steal, or modify your
information.

**What are your rights?** Depending on where you are located geographically, the applicable privacy law may mean you
have certain rights regarding your personal information.

**How do you exercise your rights?** The easiest way to exercise your rights is by contacting us.
We will consider and act upon any request in accordance with applicable data protection laws.

## 1. WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?

### Personal information you disclose to us

**_In Short:_** We collect personal information that you provide to us.

We collect personal information that you voluntarily provide to us when you register on the Services, express an
interest in obtaining information about us or our products and Services, when you participate in activities on the
Services, or otherwise when you contact us.

**Personal Information Provided by You.** The personal information that we collect depends on the context of your
interactions with us and the Services, the choices you make, and the products and features you use. The personal
information we collect may include the following:

* names

* phone numbers

* email addresses

* usernames

* passwords

* contact preferences

* contact or authentication data

* billing addresses

* debit/credit card numbers

* mailing addresses

* job titles

**Sensitive Information.** When necessary, with your consent or as otherwise permitted by applicable law, we process the
following categories of sensitive information:

* financial data

* genetic data

* biometric data

* information revealing race or ethnic origin

* social security numbers or other government identifiers

**Payment Data.** We may collect data necessary to process your payment if you choose to make purchases, such as your
payment instrument number, and the security code associated with your payment instrument. All payment data is handled
and stored by Stripe. You may find their privacy notice link(s)
here: [https://stripe.com/privacy](https://stripe.com/privacy).

**Social Media Login Data.** We may provide you with the option to register with us using your existing social media
account details, like your Facebook, X, or other social media account. If you choose to register in this way, we will
collect certain profile information about you from the social media provider, as described in the section
called "HOW DO WE HANDLE YOUR SOCIAL LOGINS?" below.

**Application Data.** If you use our application(s), we also may collect the following information if you choose to
provide us with access or permission:

* _Geolocation Information._ We may request access or permission to track location-based information from your mobile
  device, either continuously or while you are using our mobile application(s), to provide certain location-based
  services. If you wish to change our access or permissions, you may do so in your device's settings.

* _Mobile Device Access._ We may request access or permission to certain features from your mobile device, including
  your mobile device's camera, microphone, sensors, and other features. If you wish to change our access or permissions,
  you may do so in your device's settings.

* _Mobile Device Data._ We automatically collect device information (such as your mobile device ID, model, and
  manufacturer), operating system, version information and system configuration information, device and application
  identification numbers, browser type and version, hardware model Internet service provider and/or mobile carrier, and
  Internet Protocol (IP) address (or proxy server). If you are using our application(s), we may also collect information
  about the phone network associated with your mobile device, your mobile device’s operating system or platform, the
  type of mobile device you use, your mobile device’s unique device ID, and information about the features of our
  application(s) you accessed.

* _Push Notifications._ We may request to send you push notifications regarding your account or certain features of the
  application(s). If you wish to opt out from receiving these types of communications, you may turn them off in your
  device's settings.

This information is primarily needed to maintain the security and operation of our application(s), for troubleshooting,
and for our internal analytics and reporting purposes.

All personal information that you provide to us must be true, complete, and accurate, and you must notify us of any
changes to such personal information.

### Google API

Our use of information received from Google APIs will adhere
to[Google API Services User Data Policy](https://developers.google.com/terms/api-services-user-data-policy), including
the[Limited Use requirements](https://developers.google.com/terms/api-services-user-data-policy#limited-use).

### Information collected from other sources

**_In Short:_** We may collect limited data from public databases, marketing partners, _social media platforms,_ and
other outside sources.

In order to enhance our ability to provide relevant marketing, offers, and services to you and update our records, we
may obtain information about you from other sources, such as public databases, joint marketing partners, affiliate
programs, data providers, social media platforms, and from other third parties. This information includes mailing
addresses, job titles, email addresses, phone numbers, intent data (or user behavior data), Internet Protocol (IP)
addresses, social media profiles, social media URLs, and custom profiles, for purposes of targeted advertising and event
promotion.

If you interact with us on a social media platform using your social media account (e.g., Facebook or X), we receive
personal information about you from such platforms such as your name, email address, and gender. You may have the right
to withdraw your consent to processing your personal information. Any personal information that we collect from your
social media account depends on your social media account's privacy settings. Please note that their own use of your
information is not governed by this Privacy Notice.

## 2. HOW DO WE PROCESS YOUR INFORMATION?

**_In Short:_** We process your information to provide, improve, and administer our Services, communicate with you,
for security and fraud prevention, and to comply with law. We may also process your information for other purposes with
your consent.

**We process your personal information for a variety of reasons, depending on how you interact with our Services,
including:**

* **To facilitate account creation and authentication and otherwise manage user accounts.** We may process your
  information so you can create and log in to your account, as well as keep your account in working order.

* **To deliver and facilitate delivery of services to the user.** We may process your information to provide you with
  the
  requested service.

* **To respond to user inquiries/offer support to users.** We may process your information to respond to your inquiries
  and solve any potential issues you might have with the requested service.

* **To send administrative information to you.** We may process your information to send you details about our products
  and services, changes to our terms and policies, and other similar information.

* **To fulfill and manage your orders.** We may process your information to fulfill and manage your orders, payments,
  returns, and exchanges made through the Services.

* **To enable user-to-user communications.** We may process your information if you choose to use any of our offerings
  that allow for communication with another user.

* **To request feedback.** We may process your information when necessary to request feedback and to contact you about
  your use of our Services.

* **To send you marketing and promotional communications.** We may process the personal information you send to us for
  our marketing purposes, if this is in accordance with your marketing preferences. You can opt out of our marketing
  emails at any time.

* **To post testimonials.** We post testimonials on our Services that may contain personal information.

* **To protect our Services.** We may process your information as part of our efforts to keep our Services safe and
  secure, including fraud monitoring and prevention.

* **To administer prize draws and competitions.** We may process your information to administer prize draws and
  competitions.

* **To evaluate and improve our Services, products, marketing, and your experience.** We may process your information
  when we believe it is necessary to identify usage trends, determine the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns,
  and to evaluate and improve our Services, products, marketing, and your experience.

* **To identify usage trends.** We may process information about how you use our Services to better understand how they
  are being used so we can improve them.

* **To comply with our legal obligations.** We may process your information to comply with our legal obligations,
  respond to legal requests, and exercise, establish, or defend our legal rights.

## 3. WHEN AND WITH WHOM DO WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?

**_In Short:_** We may share information in specific situations described in this section and/or with the following
categories of third parties.

**Vendors, Consultants, and Other Third-Party Service Providers.** We may share your data with third-party vendors,
service providers, contractors, or agents ("**third parties**") who perform services for us or on our behalf and require
access to such information to do that work.

The categories of third parties we may share personal information with are as follows:

* AI Platforms

* Cloud Computing Services

* Communication & Collaboration Tools

* Data Analytics Services

* Data Storage Service Providers

* Finance & Accounting Tools

* Government Entities

* Payment Processors

* Product Engineering & Design Tools

* Sales & Marketing Tools

* Testing Tools

* User Account Registration & Authentication Services

* Website Hosting Service Providers

We also may need to share your personal information in the following situations:

* **Business Transfers.** We may share or transfer your information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any
  merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company.

* **When we use Google Maps Platform APIs.** We may share your information with certain Google Maps Platform APIs (e.g.,
  Google Maps API, Places API). Google Maps uses GPS, Wi-Fi, and cell towers to estimate your location. GPS is accurate
  to about 20 meters, while Wi-Fi and cell towers help improve accuracy when GPS signals are weak, like indoors. This
  data helps Google Maps provide directions, but it is not always perfectly precise. We obtain and store on your
  device ("cache") your location. You may revoke your consent anytime by contacting us at the contact details provided
  at the end of this document.

* **Affiliates.** We may share your information with our affiliates, in which case we will require those affiliates to
  honor this Privacy Notice. Affiliates include our parent company and any subsidiaries, joint venture partners, or
  other companies that we control or that are under common control with us.

* **Business Partners.** We may share your information with our business partners to offer you certain products,
  services, or promotions.

* **Other Users.** When you share personal information (for example, by posting comments, contributions, or other
  content to the Services) or otherwise interact with public areas of the Services, such personal information may be
  viewed by all users and may be publicly made available outside the Services in perpetuity. If you interact with other
  users of our Services and register for our Services through a social network (such as Facebook), your contacts on the
  social network will see your name, profile photo, and descriptions of your activity. Similarly, other users will be
  able to view descriptions of your activity, communicate with you within our Services, and view your profile.

## 4. DO WE USE COOKIES AND OTHER TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES?

**_In Short:_** We may use cookies and other tracking technologies to collect and store your information.

We may use cookies and similar tracking technologies (like web beacons and pixels) to gather information when you
interact with our Services. Some online tracking technologies help us maintain the security of our Services and your
account, prevent crashes, fix bugs, save your preferences, and assist with basic site functions.

We also permit third parties and service providers to use online tracking technologies on our Services for analytics and
advertising, including to help manage and display advertisements, to tailor advertisements to your interests, or to send
abandoned shopping cart reminders (depending on your communication preferences). The third parties and service providers
use their technology to provide advertising about products and services tailored to your interests which may appear
either on our Services or on other websites.

To the extent these online tracking technologies are deemed to be a "sale"/"sharing" (which includes targeted
advertising, as defined under the applicable laws) under applicable US state laws, you can opt out of these online
tracking technologies by submitting a request as described below under
section "DO UNITED STATES RESIDENTS HAVE SPECIFIC PRIVACY RIGHTS?"

Specific information about how we use such technologies and how you can refuse certain cookies is set out in our Cookie
Notice.

## 5. HOW DO WE HANDLE YOUR SOCIAL LOGINS?

**_In Short:_** If you choose to register or log in to our Services using a social media account, we may have access
to certain information about you.

Our Services offer you the ability to register and log in using your third-party social media account details (like your
Facebook or X logins). Where you choose to do this, we will receive certain profile information about you from your
social media provider. The profile information we receive may vary depending on the social media provider concerned, but
will often include your name, email address, friends list, and profile picture, as well as other information you choose
to make public on such a social media platform.

We will use the information we receive only for the purposes that are described in this Privacy Notice or that are
otherwise made clear to you on the relevant Services. Please note that we do not control, and are not responsible for,
other uses of your personal information by your third-party social media provider. We recommend that you review their
privacy notice to understand how they collect, use, and share your personal information, and how you can set your
privacy preferences on their sites and apps.

## 6. HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION?

**_In Short:_** We keep your information for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy
Notice unless otherwise required by law.

We will only keep your personal information for as long as it is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy
Notice, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law (such as tax, accounting, or other legal
requirements). No purpose in this notice will require us keeping your personal information for longer than the period of
time in which users have an account with us.

When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your personal information, we will either delete or
anonymize such information, or, if this is not possible (for example, because your personal information has been stored
in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal information and isolate it from any further processing
until deletion is possible.

## 7. HOW DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION SAFE?

**_In Short:_** We aim to protect your personal information through a system of organizational and technical security
measures.

We have implemented appropriate and reasonable technical and organizational security measures designed to protect the
security of any personal information we process. However, despite our safeguards and efforts to secure your information,
no electronic transmission over the Internet or information storage technology can be guaranteed to be 100% secure, so
we cannot promise or guarantee that hackers, cybercriminals, or other unauthorized third parties will not be able to
defeat our security and improperly collect, access, steal, or modify your information. Although we will do our best to
protect your personal information, transmission of personal information to and from our Services is at your own risk.
You should only access the Services within a secure environment.

## 8. DO WE COLLECT INFORMATION FROM MINORS?

**_In Short:_** We do not knowingly collect data from or market to children under 13 years of age.

We do not knowingly collect, solicit data from, or market to children under 13 years of age, nor do we knowingly sell
such personal information. By using the Services, you represent that you are at least 13 or that you are the parent or
guardian of such a minor and consent to such minor dependent’s use of the Services. If we learn that personal
information from users less than 13 years of age has been collected, we will deactivate the account and take reasonable
measures to promptly delete such data from our records. If you become aware of any data we may have collected from
children under age 13, please contact us at support@train360.co.

## 9. WHAT ARE YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS?

**_In Short:_** You may review, change, or terminate your account at any time, depending on your country, province, or
state of residence.

**Withdrawing your consent:** If we are relying on your consent to process your personal information, which may be
express and/or implied consent depending on the applicable law, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
You can withdraw your consent at any time by contacting us by using the contact details provided in the
section "HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS NOTICE?" below.

However, please note that this will not affect the lawfulness of the processing before its withdrawal nor, when
applicable law allows, will it affect the processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful
processing grounds other than consent.

**Opting out of marketing and promotional communications:** You can unsubscribe from our marketing and promotional
communications at any time by clicking on the unsubscribe link in the emails that we send, or by contacting us using the
details provided in the section "HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS NOTICE?" below. You will then be removed
from the marketing lists. However, we may still communicate with you — for example, to send you service-related messages
that are necessary for the administration and use of your account, to respond to service requests, or for other
non-marketing purposes.**

### Account Information

If you would at any time like to review or change the information in your account or terminate your account, you can
contact us using the contact information provided.

Upon your request to terminate your account, we will deactivate or delete your account and information from our active
databases. However, we may retain some information in our files to prevent fraud, troubleshoot problems, assist with any
investigations, enforce our legal terms and/or comply with applicable legal requirements.

**Cookies and similar technologies:** Most Web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. If you prefer, you can
usually choose to set your browser to remove cookies and to reject cookies. If you choose to remove cookies or reject
cookies, this could affect certain features or services of our Services.

If you have questions or comments about your privacy rights, you may email us at support@train360.co.

## 10. CONTROLS FOR DO-NOT-TRACK FEATURES

Most web browsers and some mobile operating systems and mobile applications include a Do-Not-Track ("DNT") feature or
setting you can activate to signal your privacy preference not to have data about your online browsing activities
monitored and collected. At this stage, no uniform technology standard for recognizing and implementing DNT signals has
been finalized. As such, we do not currently respond to DNT browser signals or any other mechanism that automatically
communicates your choice not to be tracked online. If a standard for online tracking is adopted that we must follow in
the future, we will inform you about that practice in a revised version of this Privacy Notice.

California law requires us to let you know how we respond to web browser DNT signals. Because there currently is not an
industry or legal standard for recognizing or honoring DNT signals, we do not respond to them at this time.

## 11. DO UNITED STATES RESIDENTS HAVE SPECIFIC PRIVACY RIGHTS?

**_In Short:_** If you are a resident of California, Colorado, Connecticut, Delaware, Florida, Indiana, Iowa, Kentucky,
Minnesota, Montana, Nebraska, New Hampshire, New Jersey, Oregon, Tennessee, Texas, Utah, or Virginia, you may have the
right to request access to and receive details about the personal information we maintain about you and how we have
processed it, correct inaccuracies, get a copy of, or delete your personal information. You may also have the right to
withdraw your consent to our processing of your personal information. These rights may be limited in some circumstances
by applicable law. More information is provided below.

### Categories of Personal Information We Collect

We have collected the following categories of personal information in the past twelve (12) months:

**Category**

**Examples**

**Collected**

A. Identifiers

Contact details, such as real name, alias, postal address, telephone or mobile contact number, unique personal
identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, and account name

YES

B. Personal information as defined in the California Customer Records statute

Name, contact information, education, employment, employment history, and financial information

YES

C. Protected classification characteristics under state or federal law

Gender, age, date of birth, race and ethnicity, national origin, marital status, and other demographic data

YES

D. Commercial information

Transaction information, purchase history, financial details, and payment information

YES

E. Biometric information

Fingerprints and voiceprints

YES

F. Internet or other similar network activity

Browsing history, search history, online behavior, interest data, and interactions with our and other websites,
applications, systems, and advertisements

YES

G. Geolocation data

Device location

YES

H. Audio, electronic, sensory, or similar information

Images and audio, video or call recordings created in connection with our business activities

YES

I. Professional or employment-related information

Business contact details in order to provide you our Services at a business level or job title, work history, and
professional qualifications if you apply for a job with us

YES

J. Education Information

Student records and directory information

NO

K. Inferences drawn from collected personal information

Inferences drawn from any of the collected personal information listed above to create a profile or summary about, for
example, an individual’s preferences and characteristics

NO

L. Sensitive personal Information

Account login information, biometric data, debit or credit card numbers, financial information including account access
details, genetic data, health data, precise geolocation and racial or ethnic origin

YES

We only collect sensitive personal information, as defined by applicable privacy laws or the purposes allowed by law or
with your consent. Sensitive personal information may be used, or disclosed to a service provider or contractor, for
additional, specified purposes. You may have the right to limit the use or disclosure of your sensitive personal
information. We do not collect or process sensitive personal information for the purpose of inferring characteristics
about you.

We may also collect other personal information outside of these categories through instances where you interact with us
in person, online, or by phone or mail in the context of:

* Receiving help through our customer support channels;

* Participation in customer surveys or contests; and

* Facilitation in the delivery of our Services and to respond to your inquiries.

We will use and retain the collected personal information as needed to provide the Services or for:

* Category A - As long as the user has an account with us

* Category B - As long as the user has an account with us

* Category C - As long as the user has an account with us

* Category D - As long as the user has an account with us

* Category E - As long as the user has an account with us

* Category F - As long as the user has an account with us

* Category G - As long as the user has an account with us

* Category H - As long as the user has an account with us

* Category I - As long as the user has an account with us

* Category L - As long as the user has an account with us

### Sources of Personal Information

Learn more about the sources of personal information we collect in "WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?"

### How We Use and Share Personal Information

We collect and share your personal information through:

* Beacons/Pixels/Tags

* Login and authentication cookies

**Will your information be shared with anyone else?**

We may disclose your personal information with our service providers pursuant to a written contract between us and each
service provider.

We may use your personal information for our own business purposes, such as for undertaking internal research for
technological development and demonstration. This is not considered to be "selling" of your personal information.

We have not sold or shared any personal information to third parties for a business or commercial purpose in the
preceding twelve (12) months. We have disclosed the following categories of personal information to third parties for a
business or commercial purpose in the preceding twelve (12) months:

The categories of third parties to whom we disclosed personal information for a business or commercial purpose can be
found under "WHEN AND WITH WHOM DO WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?]"

### Your Rights

You have rights under certain US state data protection laws. However, these rights are not absolute, and in certain
cases, we may decline your request as permitted by law. These rights include:

* **Right to know** whether or not we are processing your personal data

* **Right to access** your personal data

* **Right to correct** inaccuracies in your personal data

* **Right to request** the deletion of your personal data

* **Right to obtain a copy** of the personal data you previously shared with us

* **Right to non-discrimination** for exercising your rights

* **Right to opt out** of the processing of your personal data if it is used for targeted advertising (or sharing as
  defined under California’s privacy law), the sale of personal data, or profiling in furtherance of decisions that
  produce legal or similarly significant effects ("profiling")

Depending upon the state where you live, you may also have the following rights:

* Right to access the categories of personal data being processed (as permitted by applicable law, including Minnesota’s
  privacy law)

* Right to obtain a list of the categories of third parties to which we have disclosed personal data (as permitted by
  applicable law, including California's and Delaware's privacy law)

* Right to obtain a list of specific third parties to which we have disclosed personal data (as permitted by applicable
  law, including Minnesota's and Oregon's privacy law)

* Right to review, understand, question, and correct how personal data has been profiled (as permitted by applicable
  law, including Minnesota’s privacy law)

* Right to limit use and disclosure of sensitive personal data (as permitted by applicable law, including California’s
  privacy law)

* Right to opt out of the collection of sensitive data and personal data collected through the operation of a voice or
  facial recognition feature (as permitted by applicable law, including Florida’s privacy law)

### How to Exercise Your Rights

To exercise these rights, you can contact us by referring to the contact details at the bottom of this document.

Under certain US state data protection laws, you can designate an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf. We
may deny a request from an authorized agent that does not submit proof that they have been validly authorized to act on
your behalf in accordance with applicable laws.

### Request Verification

Upon receiving your request, we will need to verify your identity to determine you are the same person about whom we
have the information in our system. We will only use personal information provided in your request to verify your
identity or authority to make the request. However, if we cannot verify your identity from the information already
maintained by us, we may request that you provide additional information for the purposes of verifying your identity and
for security or fraud-prevention purposes.

If you submit the request through an authorized agent, we may need to collect additional information to verify your
identity before processing your request and the agent will need to provide a written and signed permission from you to
submit such request on your behalf.

### Appeals

Under certain US state data protection laws, if we decline to take action regarding your request, you may appeal our
decision by emailing us at support@train360.co. We will inform you in writing of any action taken or not taken in
response to the appeal, including a written explanation of the reasons for the decisions. If your appeal is denied, you
may submit a complaint to your state attorney general.

### California "Shine The Light" Law

California Civil Code Section 1798.83, also known as the "Shine The Light" law, permits our users who are California
residents to request and obtain from us, once a year and free of charge, information about categories of personal
information (if any) we disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes and the names and addresses of all
third parties with which we shared personal information in the immediately preceding calendar year. If you are a
California resident and would like to make such a request, please submit your request in writing to us by using the
contact details provided in the section "HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS NOTICE?"

## 12. DO WE MAKE UPDATES TO THIS NOTICE?

_**In Short:**_ Yes, we will update this notice as necessary to stay compliant with relevant laws.

We may update this Privacy Notice from time to time. The updated version will be indicated by an updated "Revised" date
at the top of this Privacy Notice. If we make material changes to this Privacy Notice, we may notify you either by
prominently posting a notice of such changes or by directly sending you a notification. We encourage you to review this
Privacy Notice frequently to be informed of how we are protecting your information.

## 13. HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS NOTICE?

If you have questions or comments about this notice, you may email us at support@train360.co or contact us by post at:

Train360, Corp.

10 Water View Lane

North Providence, RI 02904

United States

## 14. HOW CAN YOU REVIEW, UPDATE, OR DELETE THE DATA WE COLLECT FROM YOU?

Based on the applicable laws of your country or state of residence in the US, you may have the right to request access
to the personal information we collect from you, details about how we have processed it, correct inaccuracies, or delete
your personal information. You may also have the right to withdraw your consent to our processing of your personal
information. These rights may be limited in some circumstances by applicable law. 
